This project was developed from a dataset which can be found in https://www.kaggle.com/kumarajarshi/life-expectancy-who
The dataset contains data from 2000 to 2015 for 193 countries and a description of each feature is shown below. 
Our target feature will be Life Expectancy, which we aim to predict through use of a Machine Learning Model.

Column Description:

Country	Country
Year	Year
Status	Developed or Developing status
Life expectancy	Life Expectancy in age
Adult Mortality	Adult Mortality Rates of both sexes (probability of dying between 15 and 60 years per 1000 population)
infant deaths	Number of Infant Deaths per 1000 population
Alcohol	Alcohol, recorded per capita (15+) consumption (in litres of pure alcohol)
percentage expenditure	Expenditure on health as a percene of Gross Domestic Product per capita(%)
Hepatitis B	Hepatitis B (HepB) immunization coverage among 1-year-olds (%)
Measles	Measles - number of reported cases per 1000 population
BMI	Average Body Mass Index of entire population
under-five deaths	Number of under-five deaths per 1000 population
Polio	Polio (Pol3) immunization coverage among 1-year-olds (%)
Total expenditure	General government expenditure on health as a percene of total government expenditure (%)
Diphtheria	Diphtheria tetanus toxoid and pertussis (DTP3) immunization coverage among 1-year-olds (%)
HIV/AIDS	Deaths per 1 000 live births HIV/AIDS (0-4 years)
GDP	Gross Domestic Product per capita (in USD)
Population	Population of the country
thinness 1-19 years	Prevalence of thinness among children and adolescents for Age 10 to 19 (%)
thinness 5-9 years	Prevalence of thinness among children for Age 5 to 9(%)
Income composition of resources	Income composition of resources
Schooling	Number of years of Schooling(years)


Through exploratory data analysis we were able to answer the following questions as well as developing a ML model which can predict the life expectancy of
a certain country based on the features avaliable.

Does various predicting factors which have been chosen initially really affect the Life expectancy? What are the predicting variables actually affecting the life expectancy?

Should a country having a lower life expectancy value(<65) increase its healthcare expenditure in order to improve its average lifespan?

How does Infant and Adult mortality rates affect life expectancy?

Does Life Expectancy has positive or negative correlation with eating habits, lifestyle, exercise, smoking, drinking alcohol etc.

What is the impact of schooling on the lifespan of humans?

Does Life Expectancy have positive or negative relationship with drinking alcohol?

What is the impact of Immunization coverage on life Expectancy?
